mgr/cephadm: add ability to remove offline host (#42405)
ceph/ceph: doc/cephadm/host-management.rst

  ceph orch host rm <host>

Offline host removal
--------------------

If a host is offline and can not be recovered it can still be removed from the cluster with the following:

.. prompt:: bash #

  ceph orch host rm <host> --offline --force

> This can potentially cause data loss as osds will be forcefully purged from the cluster.

Reviewer: could you add a sentence that we're calling `osd purge-actual` for each osd on that host?

> This can potentialy cause data loss as osds will be forcefully purged from the cluster.
> Services specs that still contain this host should be manually updated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This can potentially cause data loss as osds will be forcefully purged from the cluster.
Service specs that still contain this host should be manually updated.
```
